+++
title = "A physically-based model of interactions between a building and its outdoor conditions at the urban microscale"
date = 2021-04-15
type = "journal-article"
authors = ["Martin Miguel", "Wong Nyuk Hien", "Ignatius Marcel" ,  "Hii Daniel Jun Chung", "He Yueer", "Yu Zhonqi", "Deng Ji-Yu", "Raghavan Srivatsan V.", "Nguyen Ngoc Son"]
journal = "Energy and Buildings"
abstract = "This paper introduces a physically-based model to simulate interactions between a building and its outdoor conditions at the urban microscale. In the model, the building is simulated with EnergyPlus while its outdoor conditions are assessed from OpenFOAM. Furthermore, the model simulates the street pavement and surrounding buildings based on the lumped thermal theory. All components of the model are quasi-dynamically co-simulated. Through simulations of the model, waste heat releases from a cooling system can be observed with a higher resolution than this achieved by most urban microclimate models in the literature. Unlike several methods in the literature, the model evaluates a countermeasure to urban heat islands by considering direct and indirect effects simultaneously. To validate the model, measurements were collected during a field experiment in an university campus. Comparing measurements to estimates, the model seems to properly approximate the outdoor temperature and the air motion. However, a discrepancy is observed between estimates and measurements of the surface temperature. The discrepancy could be minimised if a better consideration of the net-longwave radiation was possible when co-simulating EnergyPlus. After some improvements, the model could become a support tool to mitigate urban heat islands and climate change in different regions of the world."
externalLink = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378778821000724?casa_token=yXiDsZ-NAFgAAAAA:3BB9t1njoLm-RkUyPu8NiNwdr9V6FI8B4les1zguuJIlvei-zavRYa8T5QNEOIWIDu86lKNOEMM"
+++